UNR-1067 expose client server worker ping (#1369)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Add SpatialToggleMetricsDisplay console command.  bEnableMetricsDisplay must be enabled in order for the display to be available.  You must then must call SpatialToggleMetricsDisplay on each client that wants to view the metrics display.
- Enabled compression in modular-udp networking stack
- Switched off default rpc-packing. This can still be re-enabled in SpatialGDKSettings.ini

> - A configurable actor component 'SpatialPingComponent' is now available for player controllers to measure round-trip ping to their current authoritative server worker. The latest ping value can be accessed raw through the component via 'GetPing()' or otherwise via the rolling average stored in 'PlayerState'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A configurable actor component `SpatialPingComponent` is now available for player controllers to measure round-trip ping to their current authoritative server worker. The latest ping value can be accessed raw through the component via `GetPing()` or otherwise via the rolling average stored in `PlayerState`.
```

- Added a check for schema and snapshot before attempting to start a local deployment. If either are missing then an error message will be displayed.
- Added optional net relevancy check in replication prioritization. If enabled, an actor will only be replicated if IsNetRelevantFor is true for one of the connected client's views.
- It is now possible to specify in Unreal which actors should not persist as entities in the Snapshot.

> - An actor component is now available for player controllers to measure round-trip ping to their current authoritative server worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An actor component `SpatialPingComponent` is now available for player controllers to measure round-trip ping to their current authoritative server worker.
```
Also add a sentence or two about how to use this.

Reviewer: Also note that after merging master you'll need to move this to the top.

Author: Updated
